# Testing the exercises
- [ ] When clicking the Show contour button, the waveform shows up below the exercise.
- [ ] When clicking the Hide contour button, the waveform below the exercise disappears.
- [ ] When clicking the Check button, it checks the answer filled in by the user and it displays something to the user telling them if their answer is correct or not. 
- [ ] When clicking the Key button, the correct symbols show up in the correct spots.
- [ ] When clicking an options box, a drop down list of possible symbols appears.
- [ ] When clicking a symbol in the drop down list of possible symbols the clicked symbol appears in the options box.
- [ ] When clicking the left blue arrow, the previous sub-exercise shows up instead of the current sub-exercise. Unless it is the first exercise, then it cannot be clicked.
- [ ] When clicking the right blue arrow, the next sub-exercise shows up instead of the current sub-exercise. Unless it is the last exercise, then it cannot be clicked.
- [ ] When clicking the Play button, the proper pronounciation of the sentence, meaning with the right intonations, is played. 
- [ ] When clicking the Resynthesis button, one of the following two things happens: 
    - A warning shows up in a popup window telling the user what is wrong with the current answer filled in (even if nothing is filled in).
    - A correct resynthesis happens and the Play resynthesis button and Show resynthesis contour button get clickable.
- [ ] When clicking the Play resynthesis button, the pronounciation of the sentence, meaning with the intonations filled in by the user, is played.
- [ ] When clicking the Show resynthesis contour button, the waveform corresponding to the labels entered by the user shows up below the exercise.
- [ ] When clicking the Enable custom parameters button, a menu shows up below the exercise where the parameters STARTIME, TOTIME, FROMTIME, Fr, N, W, DA, DP can be filled in.
- [ ] When clicking the Disable custom parameters button, the custom parameters menu below the exercise disappears.

# Testing the navigation menu
This is automatically generated by mdBook, meaning that we assume that it is correct.
