# Testing the exercises
- [ ] When clicking the contour button, the waveform shows up below the exercise.
- [ ] When clicking the check button, it checks the answer filled in by the user and it displays something to the user telling them if their answer is correct or not. 
- [ ] When clicking the key button, the correct symbols show up in the correct spots.
- [ ] When clicking the previous button, the last answer the user entered will show up in a pop-up window.
- [ ] When clicking an options box, a drop down list of possible symbols appears.
- [ ] When clicking a symbol in the drop down list of possible symbols the clicked symbol appears in the options box.
- [ ] When clicking the prev button, the previous sub-exercise shows up instead of the current sub-exercise. Unless it is the first exercise, then nothing happens.
- [ ] When clicking the next button, the next sub-exercise shows up instead of the current sub-exercise. Unless it is the last exercise, then nothing happens.
- [ ] When clicking a sub-exercise number from the list below the current sub-exercise the corresponding sub-exercise shows up instead of the current sub-exercise.
- [ ] When clicking the play button, the proper pronounciation of the sentence, meaning with the right intonations, is played. 
- [ ] When clicking the resynthesis button, one of the following two things happens: 
    - A warning shows up in a popup window telling the user what is wrong with the current answer filled in (even if nothing is filled in).
    - A box shows up below the exercise, displaying the answer chosen by the user, a play button for playing the resynthesized audio and an Original and Synthetic f0 button which shows a side-by-side view of the original and synthetic f0.

# Testing the navigation menu
This is automatically generated by mdBook, meaning that we assume that it is correct.